Merge Fleet LCU FAQ docs ahead of July 15 pricing change (#4887)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/fleet/workspace-admin.mdx

Fleet uses [workspace secrets](/langsmith/set-up-hierarchy#configure-workspace-settings) to store API keys for models and tools. The following secret types are available:

> - **Model provider key**: Managed Fleet does not require a model-provider API key. The Fast, Pro, and Max tiers use models managed by LangChain. An OpenAI or Anthropic API key is required only when you use [custom models](/langsmith/fleet/essentials#custom-models). When set, the agent graphs load this key from workspace secrets for inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Model provider key**: By default, Fleet uses models managed by LangChain and does not require a model-provider API key. An OpenAI or Anthropic API key is required only when you use [custom models](/langsmith/fleet/essentials#custom-models). When set, the agent graphs load this key from workspace secrets for inference.
```

suggestion to tighten language

Author: updated
